docs/using/cloning-a-repository-to-visual-studio.md, before:

# Cloning a repository to Visual Studio

After you provide your GitHub or GitHub Enterprise credentials to GitHub for Visual Studio, the extension automatically detects the personal, collaborator and organization repositories you have access to on your account.

1. Open **Team Explorer** by clicking on its tab next to *Solution Explorer*, or via the *View* menu.
2. Click the **Manage Connections** toolbar button.

![Location of the manage connections toolbar button in Team Explorer](images/manage-connections.png)

3. Next to the account you want to clone from, click **Clone**.

![Clone button in the GitHub section of Team Explorer](images/clone-link.png)

4. In the list of repositories, scroll until you find the repository you'd like to clone. You can also filter the repository results by using the *Filter* text box.

![List of GitHub repositories that can be cloned inside a dialog](images/clone-dialog.png)

In addition to using the list of personal, collaborator and organization repositories, you can use the URL tab to clone a public repository by its URL or using the repository owner and name.

![List of GitHub repositories that can be cloned inside a dialog](images/clone-url-dialog.png)

5. If desired, change the local path that the repository will be cloned into, or leave the default as-is.
6. Once a repository is selected and the path is set, Click **Clone**.
7. In Team Explorer, under the list of solutions, double-click on a solution to open it in Visual Studio.

Commit message:

Specify alternate ways to open clone dialog

docs/using/cloning-a-repository-to-visual-studio.md, after:

# Cloning a repository to Visual Studio

After you provide your GitHub or GitHub Enterprise credentials to GitHub for Visual Studio, the extension automatically detects the personal, collaborator and organization repositories you have access to on your account.

## Opening the clone dialog 

### From **Team Explorer**

Open **Team Explorer** by clicking on its tab next to *Solution Explorer*, or via the *View* menu.
Click the **Manage Connections** toolbar button.

![Location of the manage connections toolbar button in Team Explorer](images/manage-connections.png)

Next to the account you want to clone from, click **Clone**.

![Clone button in the GitHub section of Team Explorer](images/clone-link.png)

### From the **Start Page**

Using Visual Studio 2017, click the GitHub button on the Start Page to open the clone dialog. 


### From the menu

Go to `File > Open > Open From GitHub...`


## Clone repositories
1. In the list of repositories, scroll until you find the repository you'd like to clone. You can also filter the repository results by using the *Filter* text box.

![List of GitHub repositories that can be cloned inside a dialog](images/clone-dialog.png)

In addition to using the list of personal, collaborator and organization repositories, you can use the URL tab to clone a public repository by its URL or using the repository owner and name.

![List of GitHub repositories that can be cloned inside a dialog](images/clone-url-dialog.png)

2. If desired, change the local path that the repository will be cloned into, or leave the default as-is.
3. Once a repository is selected and the path is set, Click **Clone**.
4. In Team Explorer, under the list of solutions, double-click on a solution to open it in Visual Studio.
